docs: add docs on how to use WhatsApp Auth with Twilio (#13446)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/auth/phone-login/twilio.mdx

- You want higher deliverability
- You wish for a secure channel
- Your users mostly use WhatsApp as a messaging platform

To make use of WhatsApp OTP, please complete the following steps:

- Go through the [Twilio self sign up guide for WhatsApp](https://www.twilio.com/docs/whatsapp/self-sign-up)
- Submit a template via the [Twilio Guide For Submitting WhatsApp templates](https://www.twilio.com/docs/whatsapp/tutorial/send-whatsapp-notification-messages-templates#creating-message-templates-and-submitting-them-for-approval)

<Admonition type="caution">
The message template submitted to Twilio must exactly match the SMS Body entered on the Supabase dashboard.
</Admonition>

The sign in process with WhatsApp is similar to the sign in process for SMS. Do note the additional `whatsapp` parameter added:

```js
const {data, error } = await supabase.auth.signInWithOtp({
    phone: '+57336567365',
    options: {
      channel:'whatsapp'
    }
 })
```

You can also sign up with `whatsapp` as a channel:

```js
const {data, error }= await supabase.auth.signUp({
   phone: '+57336567365',
   password: 'testsupabasenow',
   options: {
     channel:'whatsapp',
   }
})
```

> There is no change in the verification process - do continue to use the `sms` type for verification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no change in the verification process, you should continue to use the `sms` type for verification
```
